feat: add support for accessor arrays and refactor `stats/base/min` (#5042)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/min/README.md

```javascript
var Float64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float64' );

var x0 = new Float64Array( [ 2.0, 1.0, 2.0, -2.0, -2.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 ] );
var x1 = new Float64Array( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 ); // start at 2nd element

var v = min( 4, x1, 2 );
// returns -2.0
```

#### min.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX )

Computes the minimum value of a strided array using alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var x = [ 1.0, -2.0, 2.0 ];

var v = min.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0 );
// returns -2.0
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying `buffer`, the `offset` parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to calculate the minimum value for every other element in `x` starting from the second element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to calculate the minimum value for every other element in the input strided array starting from the second element
```

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to calculate the minimum value for every other element in the input strided array starting from the second element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to calculate the minimum value for every other element in the strided array starting from the second element
```
